docs/goals.md, before:

- [x] Deploy Website
- [x] Complete CV and remaining empty pages
- [x] Giscus Discussion Section
- [ ] Implement RSS feed
- [ ] Implement newsletter system
- [x] Implement E-mail system to receive feedback
- [ ] Implement GH Actions for automatic updates of GH Pages
- [x] Implement a toggeable light/dark mode
- [ ] Implement dynamic change log
- [ ] ~~Implement analytics functions for feature improvement~~
- [x] Add feedback feature and links to it at the end of articles
- [x] Add a footer with contact details
- [ ] Add social card(s)

---

## Comments Section

<script src="https://giscus.app/client.js"
        data-repo="cedricfyc/my-cv-blog"
        data-repo-id="R_kgDOQFT-mg"
        data-category="Q&A"
        data-category-id="DIC_kwDOQFT-ms4Cw36I"
        data-mapping="pathname"
        data-strict="0"
        data-reactions-enabled="1"
        data-emit-metadata="0"
        data-input-position="bottom"
        data-theme="dark"
        data-lang="en"
        crossorigin="anonymous"
        async>
</script>

Commit message:

Uploaded social cards and newest content

docs/goals.md, after:

# Goals

This section aims to give you an idea of my progress on the website's content. Based on how feasible a feature is as I am working on it, it will either be implemented or cancelled and put into the trash.

## Implemented
- [x] Deploy Website
- [x] Complete CV and remaining empty pages
- [x] Giscus Discussion Section
- [x] Implement E-mail system to receive feedback
- [x] Implement a toggeable light/dark mode
- [x] Add feedback feature and links to it at the end of articles
- [x] Add a footer with contact details
- [x] Add social card(s)
- [ ] Implement RSS feed
- [ ] Implement newsletter system
- [ ] Implement GH Actions for automatic updates of GH Pages
- [ ] Add projects to project page
- [ ] Implement dynamic change log

# Cancelled

- [ ] ~~Implement analytics functions for feature improvement~~
  - Not possible due to lack of transparency around Google Analytics
  - Other analytics services were either paid or a pain to set-up
  - I deemed that a simple feedback form would be enough.

---

## Comments Section

<script src="https://giscus.app/client.js"
        data-repo="cedricfyc/my-cv-blog"
        data-repo-id="R_kgDOQFT-mg"
        data-category="Q&A"
        data-category-id="DIC_kwDOQFT-ms4Cw36I"
        data-mapping="pathname"
        data-strict="0"
        data-reactions-enabled="1"
        data-emit-metadata="0"
        data-input-position="bottom"
        data-theme="dark"
        data-lang="en"
        crossorigin="anonymous"
        async>
</script>
